## BladeRunnerJS @tagVersion@

### @tagVersion@ Features and Improvements

- Fixed a bug in IE8 where a dependency tree greater than 12 levels deep causes a stack overflow exception
- Allowing `brjs` to be executed from the path and therefore from anywhere within the `sdk` or `app` directory tree
- Adding an optional anonymous stats plugin
- Fixes to regular expressions used within the acceptance test utility library and using `===` rather than `==` for assertions
- Some changes to the model API in preparation for a `1.0` release and a stable API
- A fix to NumericValidator so floats and negative numbers are validated correctly
- Fixes to allow `brjs` to execute correctly in `cygwin`
- Allowing custom templates and for the default templates to be overridden
- BladeRunnerJS now logs a warning if test classes have not been wrapped in an IIFE
- Allowing apps to be symlinked or contain symlinks in a unix environment
- Adding BladeSet level Workbenches
- The HTMLResourceService now clones HTML template nodes before adding them to the DOM and supports `template` tags
- Index pages have full `require` support and will throw an exception if a 'required' class cannot be found

### Anonymous Status Plugin

BladeRunnerJS will now collect anonymous statistics such as OS version; Java version; commands executed; and the size of apps' dependency trees. This data is 100% anonymous and does not contain and source code, names of apps, developer or company information. The data is stored with `KeenIO` a third-party service and will be used to gather information about the performance of the bundling and how developers use the toolkit.

When `brjs` is first executed the developer will be asked whether they allow the statistics to be collected, this will then record the choice in `conf/brjs.conf`. Statistics collection can be turned on or off at any time by changing the value in `conf/brjs.conf` or by using the `--no-stats` or `--stats` flags. When `brjs` is run via build tools such as `Ant`, `Maven` or `Gradle` and the process input stream is not set `brjs` will assume that statistics should not be collected.

### Allowing `brjs` to be run from anywhere

`brjs` can now be executed from any directory either by using a relative path to the 'brjs' executable or by adding the `sdk` directory to the `PATH`. For example to run the test command from within an app without adding `brjs` to the path run `../../sdk/brjs test .`. If `brjs` has been added to the path the command becomes `brjs test .`.

Note: apps must continue to live within the `apps` directory which is located next to the `sdk` directory. Support for apps living separately from the BladeRunnerJS toolkit will be added later ()https://github.com/BladeRunnerJS/brjs/issues/1154.

### Custom templates

The templates used when creating new nodes such as Aspects or Blades can now be customised. Either a custom template can be used by adding the `--template <template_group>` to the creation command or the 'default' template group overridden. More information on custom templates can be found at http://bladerunnerjs.org/docs/use/custom_templates/.

### BladeSet level Workbenches

BladeSets can now have their own Workbenches. These act the same as Blade workbenches and allow the interaction between several Blades to be tested in isolation without loading them in the app. A skeleton workbench is automatically created for any new BladeSets if the default BladeSet template is used.


### Changes to the 'test' library

There have been several changes to the Test library which may cause some app tests to fail after an upgrade.
 - In any 'Jasmine BDD' tests the regular expression now enforces a space after '=' in the assertion parameters.
 - '===' is used rather than a '==' to perform assertions. This now means assertion checks are much more strict.
 - In order to check for null values 'null' should be used as the check rather than 'undefined' as was previously allowed.
