## BladeRunnerJS @tagVersion@

### New Features

- The 'browser-modules' library now provides better feedback when circular `require()` dependencies prevent an app from loading, rather than failing silently as was the case before.
- The globalization block is now ordered differently to reduce the chance that _define-time_ circular dependencies lead to an error being seen on the client.
- The _alias-data_ is now sent differently to the client so that requests can immediately be made to the `AliasRegistry`, rather than waiting for all bundled code to be loaded.
- The `jsdoc` command can now make use of Node.js instead of Rhino if BladeRunnerJS has been configured to use it.
- We updated to use the latest JsDoc3 code for the speed improvements it includes, in addition to allowing Node.js to build the jsdoc to make things even faster.
- Performance has been improved on Windows, where file watching is an expensive operation, by not watching files by default, but still allowing commands like `brjs serve` to enable this feature if they need it.
- `AliasRegistry.setAliasData()` now provides a clearer error message when there's a problem.

#### Running The JsDoc Command On Node.Js

The 'brjs.conf' configuration file now has a `useNodeCommands` flag that, if set to `true`, will provide plug-ins the go-ahead to use the Node.js version of tools that might otherwise be run using Rhino.

### Fixed Regressions

- Fixed a regression caused by our switch to JsDoc3 in v0.12 that meant that method names in NamespacedJs style classes and interfaces weren't appearing in the documentation.
- Fixed a regression caused by our removal of all ExtJs code in v0.12 that meant that the presentation model viewer wasn't correctly updating to reflect underlying changes in the presentation model.
- Fixed a regression caused by our removal of all ExtJs code in v0.12 that meant that workbenches had some rendering issues.

### Fixed Bugs

- Made the filtering capability added to JsDoc3 work correctly in IE10 and IE11, which both have patchy HTML5 `datalist` support.
- Fixed a bug in the `import-app` command that had prevented some of the directories from being correctly renamed.
- Included a micro-shim with the 'fell' library so that logging with 'fell' always works in IE8.
- Prevented 404 errors from being seen in production for apps that make no use of the XML bundler.
- Switched from Git Sub-Modules to Git Subtrees, simplifying internal development, and simplifying the on-boarding process for new developers.


### Backwards Compatibility Issues

We have opted to dispense with complete support of the CommonJs specification so that we can have improved circular dependency error messages when problems arise. This is discussed in detail on our wiki:

  * https://github.com/BladeRunnerJS/brjs/wiki/BladeRunnerJS-CommonJs-Compliance


