## BladeRunnerJS @tagVersion@

**Our first non 'pre-release' version**. We're still not at 1.0 yet, but we're getting close. See the [roadmap](http://bladerunnerjs.org/docs/roadmap/) for what's coming up.

### Overview

- Huge performance improvements for apps with 1000+ JavaScript files
- Improved logging
    - Fixed various bugs where logging didn't make it to the console
    - Removed a lot of unneccessary logging
    - Added `--show-pkg` and `--pkg` flags to allow better control of the logs messages displayed
- The separate mechanisms for console output and logging have been merged
    - This adds a new `console` log level
- BRJS now replaces an `@appVersion@` token when building a WAR
- Added a `br.locale-service` which can be used to get and set the current app locale
- Fixed a bug where spaces in CSS assets filenames weren't properly encoded
- Fixed a bug where the CSS tag handler was generating requests for all app locales
- CSS styles can now refer to assets in any directory
- Re-adding JNDI token support
    - This currently only applies to apps built as WARs. Support for environmental specific token replacement is yet to be added (https://github.com/BladeRunnerJS/brjs/issues/749)
- Apps will now fail to load if an invalid locale is used
    - This prevents a difference in behaviour between 'prod' and 'dev' environments.
- JSPs can now be used in `unbundled-resources` and can also send redirects and other reponse headers (WAR only).
    - Note: We recommend using servlets rather than JSPs for dynamic content.
- Content plugins can now define unversioned content URLs by prefixing their URLs with a `/`.
- Dependencies in inline maps used within NamespacedJS source files are correctly detected.
- Fixed a bug where XML files were truncated if a comment spanned multiple read buffers.
- The `presenter` library no longer adds extra `<div>` tags.
- Removed `JAVA_OPTS` from the BRJS command. Developers are now responsible for defining the memory usage if the OS defaults are not sufficient.
- Blades without any source code can still be bundled if any of their XML or HTML is used. This allows 'view template' only blades.
- The XML bundler now supports merging of XML elements  that don't have IDs.
- Fixed a number of file locking issues in Windows.
- `bladerunner.conf` has been renamed to `brjs.conf`.
- `exports: {}` is no longer mandatory in 'Thirdparty' library manifests.
- Removed the character encoding filter since character encoding can be set for an app via the `<meta charset=...>` tag
- A `@bundlePath@` token can be used in HTML/XML which will be replaced with the bundle path for the app (e.g. '../v/1234')
- API docs are now available at <http://apidocs.bladerunnerjs.org>.
- Various API improvements have been made, particularly around the `ContentPlugin` interface, to improve performance and usage.

### Compatibility Issues

#### 1. The `ContentPlugin` interface has changed to make BRJS more performant.

Content plugins have change so rather than writing their content to an `OutputStream` or `Writer` they make it available via a `Reader` or an `InputStream`. This means the `ContentPlugin.writeContent()` definition has been replaced by the following  `ResponseContent handleRequest(ParsedContentPath contentPath, BundleSet bundleSet, UrlContentAccessor contentAccessor, String version) throws ContentProcessingException;`.

#### 2. The ConsoleOutput and Logger functionality has been combined

The previous console output mechanism has been removed and instead been replaced by an extra `console` method on the `Logger` interface. There is also a `println` method on the same interface which is an alias to the `console` method.

#### 3. The bladerunner.conf file has been renamed to brjs.conf

The config file used to set the BRJS port and character encoding has been renamed to `brjs.conf`. A new file will be created when BRJS is upgraded, if you have modified any of the default values you will need to copy these across to the new file
