## BladeRunnerJS @tagVersion@

### @tagVersion@ Features and Improvements

The following changes were made in v0.14.1:

- We now make use of the recursive file-watching support available within Windows to more efficiently watch large directory trees, avoiding the file locking and performance issues encountered when separately listening to each directory. This relies on features available only within the Oracle & OpenJDK implementations of the JRE, if these features are not available BRJS will fall back to the standard method of watching nested directories individually.
- We now make use of high-sentivity polling for file-watching on Mac OS X, reducing the latency between when a file is changed and when the notification of that file change is received. This relies on features available only within the Oracle & OpenJDK implementations of the JRE, if these features are not available BRJS will fall back to the default sensitivity level with a longer polling interval.
- Browser modules have been updated so they no longer include their own shims, making it possible for applications to decide on the shims they wish to use.
- Fixed a recently introduced bug in the test-runner that caused some test names to be incorrectly displayed.
- A caching bug, introduced in v0.14, that required `brjs serve` to be restarted if an alias was updated to point to a new class, has now been fixed.

### Backwards Compatibility Issues

The following additional backwards compatibility issues have been introduced with the release of v0.14.1:

- `ServiceRegistry.clear()` has been renamed to `ServiceRegistry.legacyClear()`. This prevents it from being automatically invoked before each test is executed and may cause any *NamespacedJS* style tests to fail.
   - Apps using `require(...)` for all of their dependencies are not affected by this change.

#### Clearing the Service Registry within tests

The [browser-modules](https://github.com/BladeRunnerJS/browser-modules) library includes a [sub-realms](https://github.com/BladeRunnerJS/browser-modules#sub-realms) feature that better addresses the need for tests to override module definitions and module state, but which would be too expensive to automatically employ within all tests.

Although we ultimately recommend that tests are migrated to make use of _sub-realms_ where appropriate, particularly as code-bases migrate to CommonJs, for the time being users can work around this restriction by creating a file containing the following code at `BRJS_ROOT/js-patches/br/ServiceRegistryClass.js`:

``` js
ServiceRegistryClass.prototype.clear = ServiceRegistryClass.prototype.legacyClear;
```


### Known Issues

This patch release fixes all four remaining known issues present within v0.14.
