## BladeRunnerJS @tagVersion@

### @tagVersion@ Features and Improvements

- A new `CommonJSPlugin` interface has been created in the `BRJS` model. This allows `require('<PLUGIN>!some-thing')` client side code.
 - Aliases should now be accessed via `require('ALIAS!<some-alias>')`. Using the `AliasRegistry` has now been deprecated.
 - Services should now be accessed via `require('SERVICE!<some-service>')`. Using the `ServiceRegistry` has now been deprecated.
- A number of minor bug fixes and improvements have been made to the `Presenter` and `Testing` libraries. See below for a list of the fixed issues and pull requests.
- In `v0.12` a change was introduced that meant only used bundles were generated when building an app. This mechanism has now been improved as it prevented some `ContentPlugin`s from working properly.
 - **This is a breaking change for any model plugins**. The interface for `ContentPlugin` and `TagHandlerPlugin` have now changed. See below for more information.
- Only used CSS resources or resources with common image extensions are part of the built app.
- The `AppCachePlugin` has been added to the BRJS project as a contrib plugin. See https://github.com/BladeRunnerJS/brjs-appcache.
- An improvement so that the state of the workbench model tree is remembered between page reloads.
- BRJS now uses the latest version of Topiarist which includes a number of fixes for bugs in IE8. See https://github.com/BladeRunnerJS/topiarist.
- A new `Inline` tag handler plugin has been added which can be used to 'inline' content in `index.html`. To use it include the following in `index.html`:

```
<@inline file="a-path-to-file" @/>
```

- Fixed a bug where the XML namespace in `WEB.xml` was lost when building a WAR.
- Updated closure compiler and fixed an issue where any errors thrown by the closure compiler didn't result in a clear error displayed to the developer.
- Correctly setting the `Content-Length` header when JNDI tokens are replaced when running a J2EE app.
- Allow `unbundled-resources` at any level. Previously `unbundled-resources` was only allowed at the `Aspect` level.
 - The formats for `unbundled-resources` requests are shown below:

```
unbundled-resources/bladeset_<bladeset>/blade_<blade>/workbench/<file-path> for Blade Workbench unbundled resources
unbundled-resources/bladeset_<bladeset>/blade_<blade>/<file-path> for Blade unbundled resources	unbundled-resources/bladeset_<bladeset>/<file-path> for BladeSet unbundled resources
unbundled-resources/<file-path> for Aspect (or 'App') unbundled resources
```

- Improvements to BRJS error pages. The call stack is no longer displayed and exception messages more clearly visible.

### Backwards Compatibility Issues

- There are no backwards compatibility for Apps using BRJS.

#### Content Plugin API

- The pair of methods for generating content paths have been replaced with a single method that also takes the `RequestMode` as a parameter.

```
List<String> getValidDevContentPaths(BundleSet bundleSet, Locale... locales) throws ContentProcessingException;

List<String> getValidProdContentPaths(BundleSet bundleSet, Locale... locales) throws ContentProcessingException;
```

has been changed to

```
List<String> getValidContentPaths(BundleSet bundleSet, RequestMode requestMode, Locale... locales) throws ContentProcessingException;
```

- A new method `List<String> getUsedContentPaths(BundleSet bundleSet, RequestMode requestMode, Locale... locales) throws ContentProcessingException;` has been added. Any classes that extend `AbstractContentPlugin` will not need to implement this. It is used to determine, out of the possible content paths, which are used in the app and so should be part of the built app.


#### Tag Handler Plugin API

- The two pairs of methods for generating tag content and getting generated requests have been replaced by two methods that take a `RequestMode` as an argument.

```
void writeDevTagContent(Map<String, String> tagAttributes, BundleSet bundleSet, Locale locale, Writer writer, String version) throws IOException;

List<String> getGeneratedDevRequests(Map<String, String> tagAttributes, BundleSet bundleSet, Locale locale, String version) throws MalformedTokenException, ContentProcessingException;

void writeProdTagContent(Map<String, String> tagAttributes, BundleSet bundleSet, Locale locale, Writer writer, String version) throws IOException;

List<String> getGeneratedProdRequests(Map<String, String> tagAttributes, BundleSet bundleSet, Locale locale, String version) throws MalformedTokenException, ContentProcessingException;
```

has become

```
void writeTagContent(Map<String, String> tagAttributes, BundleSet bundleSet, RequestMode requestMode, Locale locale, Writer writer, String version) throws IOException;

List<String> getGeneratedContentPaths(Map<String, String> tagAttributes, BundleSet bundleSet, RequestMode requestMode, Locale locale) throws MalformedTokenException, ContentProcessingException;
```


### Known Issues

- On Windows it's not possible to rename or delete non-leaf directories beneath `BRJS_ROOT` when `brjs serve` is running. You must temporarily stop `brjs serve` when you need to do this. See https://github.com/BladeRunnerJS/brjs/issues/821#issuecomment-49010976 for an explanation.
- On MacOS X using Java 7 it can take a few seconds for the file watch service to notice that files have changed. This means changes may not appear the first time you refresh the browser. You can solve this by upgrading to Java 8, which adds support for the native Mac OS X file watch service.
