## BladeRunnerJS @tagVersion@
- Fixed directory deletion issues when attempting to create a WAR file
- Closure Compiler jar has been updated to version 'v20130823'
- Fixed bugs relating to new files not being picked up by the bundling process
- Several other bug fixes

### Compatibility Issues

#### 1. `AssetPlugin` interface simplified
A number of simplifications were made to the `AssetPlugin` interface to simplify the job of plug-in developers, and to improve BRJS performance.
These are as follows:

  * Plug-ins no longer need separate methods for each type of asset as the calling method now uses `instanceof` checks to differentiate.
  * Plug-ins are no longer responsible for ensuring that the same object instance is returned each time the same file is encountered.
  * Plug-ins are no longer responsible for ensuring the right thing happens whether the asset-location is deep or shallow.
  * Plug-ins are no longer under pressure to use the awkward `AssetLocation.obtainMatchingAssets()` method to help with the problems described above.


#### 2. `AssetLocationPlugin` interface capabilities improved.
The following improvements have been made to the `AssetLocationPlugin` interface:

  * Plug-ins are no longer responsible for ensuring that the same object instance is returned each time the same file is encountered.
  * Plug-ins are now able to augment the asset locations provided by some other asset-location plug-in.
  * Plug-ins are now able to define 'seed' asset-locations; seed asset-locations within a bundlable asset-container are used to kick-start the bundling process.


#### 3. `AbstractPlugin` classes now provide default implementations for the `OrderedPlugin` interface
`OrderedPlugin` implementations that extend one of the `AbstractPlugin` specializations no longer need to implement `getPluginsThatMustAppearBeforeThisPlugin()`
or `getPluginsThatMustAppearAfterThisPlugin()` only to return an empty list.


#### 4. `AssetLocation` interface improved
The following improvements have been made to the `AssetLocation` interface:

  * The `namespace()` method has been removed since the fully qualified namespace can always be determined by mechanically converting the require path.
  * The `obtainAsset()` and `obtainMatchingAssets()` methods have been removed now that the `AssetPlugin` interface has been simplified.
  * The method names have been modified to make their intention clearer.
  * The `AbstractAssetLocation` implementation (and sub-classes) have been cleaned-up based on these interface changes.


#### 5. `CommandPlugin.doCommand()` return type changed from `void` to `int`
This affects all existing `CommandPlugin` implementations, we've made this change because it gives the command control
over the exit code for a command, specifically for when launching other processes.

There may be instances where as far as a Command Plugin is concerned, it's run successfully but the process it launched has thrown an exception.
We wanted to cater for this so that the `doCommand()` can simply return the exit code from the process it launched.

Any existing plugins will need to update their code to look like this:

```
@Override
public int doCommand(String... args)
{
	// your command logic
	return 0;
}
```

#### 6. bladerunner-dev-filters have been removed
Previously created applications will have a web.xml file with the following contents:
```
 	<filter>
 		<filter-name>bladerunner-dev-filters</filter-name>
 		<filter-class>com.caplin.cutlass.filter.BladerunnerDevFilters
 		</filter-class>
 	</filter>
 	<filter-mapping>
 		<filter-name>bladerunner-dev-filters</filter-name>
 		<url-pattern>/*</url-pattern>
 		<dispatcher>REQUEST</dispatcher>
 		<dispatcher>FORWARD</dispatcher>
 	</filter-mapping>
```

This will now need to be removed to prevent class load errors on startup.


#### 7. js-test-driver plugin requires no config

`jsTestDriver.conf` files no longer need plugin definition blocks for the BladeRunnerJS bundlers #41.
This causes a backward compatibility issue for existing `jsTestDriver.conf` files, which will now need the following config snippet removed:

```
plugin:
  - name: "BundleInjector"
    jar: ../../../../sdk/libs/java/testRunner/js-test-driver-bundler-plugin.jar
    module: org.bladerunnerjs.jstestdriver.BRJSBundleHandler
```

#### Removal of presenter component alias

The `br.presenter-component` alias has been removed from the BRJS library aliases.

```
<alias name="br.presenter-component" defaultClass="br.presenter.PresenterComponentFactory" />
```

### Known Issues
- CPU usage issues when BRJS server is left running for a prolonged period of time. This appears to be an OSX only issue.
  - **Workaround:** Restart the BRJS server once every 30-60 minutes
- The `CSSResource` plugin is not fully implemented. As a result images are not available in workbenches.
  - **Workaround:** Images can be referenced using an absolute URL to load them directly from disk rather than via the BRJS 'bundling' mechanism
- Due to the latency of the File Watch Service on OSX it can sometimes take several seconds for changes to files to be picked up when a page is refreshed
  - **Workaround:** Either wait a few seconds and refresh the page again, or if you're in a hurry just restart the BRJS server


