## BladeRunnerJS @tagVersion@
- The majority of the work to allow applications to be deployed as a set of static files has now been completed.
- Lots of fixes to substantially reduce the amount of memory BRJS consumes.
- All application libraries now reside within a single directory, rather than needing to have separate 'thirdparty-libraries' and 'libs' directories.
- The number of libraries required in each applications 'WEB-INF/lib' directory has now substantially decreased.
- A separate model is no longer created for each application instance, and instead a single model instance is shared by the `serve` command, and all application instances.
- We no longer scan comments within HTML and XML assets when looking for source module dependencies.
- The web server now shows internal exceptions to the developer to aid debugging.
- We no longer create static bundles for content plug-ins whose bundles are also available via a composite content plug-in bundle.
- The built-in tag-handler plug-ins no longer create requests for resources that don't actually exist.
- Fixed a bug that prevented requests within non-default aspects.
- A number of bugs have been fixed regarding which resources are pulled in when a source module is required.
- Fixed a bug where CSS files were incorrectly being identified as locale specific CSS files.
- Fixed a bug that was preventing workbench pages from being able to reference images.
- Standardized the content path-prefixes used by content plug-ins so that the bundles created by content plug-ins now always live within a plug-in specific directory.
- The 'View in workbench' button now opens the workbench in a new tab rather than within a frame, since developers always immediately popped workbenches out to separate frames anyway.


### Compatibility Issues

#### 1. Applications can now be deployed as either a set of static files (not yet fully supported), or a WAR file that contains a set of static files.

This has had the following side effects:

  * The contents of the 'WEB-INF' directory within each app has changed, and is no longer strictly necessary anyway. You will either need to create a new app and replace the 'WEB-INF' directory with the one from the new app, or just delete the directory entirely if you are not relying on any J2EE features.
  * The BRJS model is no longer used in production, and instead a separate servlet responsible solely for setting the `Cache-Control` and `Content-Type` headers is used in production, requiring changes to each applications 'WEB-INF/web.xml' file.
  * The URLs that the BRJS server responds to are now completely logical, and have no representation to any of the underlying files on disk; this should not require any changes to existing applications unless use has been made of the `unbundled-resources` directory, since all requests to content plug-ins are mediated by tag-handlers, which have also been updated to use the new URLs.
  * The locale forwarding that used to be written in Java and executed on the server-side, has now instead been implemented in JavaScript, and is executed on the client-side, as a result of which, the logic is not quite as good as it used to be except when running on the latest versions of Firefox, and may instead cause users to be directed to the default language page, even when a suitable translation is actually available.
  * The current locale is now part of the visible URL that the user sees, which may cause some internal application URLs to need to be re-written.
  * Plug-in developers no longer need to copy their classes into the 'WEB-INF/lib' directories of the various applications when testing plug-ins.


#### 2. All app libraries are now placed together within a single directory.

As a consequence, and to help deal with any confusion this might cause, the library configuration files have been renamed to make it clearer which library type is which. Specifically, the 'br.manifest' file has been renamed to 'br-lib.conf', and the 'library.manifest' has been renamed to 'thirdparty-lib.manifest'.


#### 3. The `war` command has been replaced by the `build` command.

The `build` command by default allows apps to be deployed as a set of static files, but a WAR file can now be created by typing `build -w <app>`.


#### 4. `APP.VERSION` is no longer required.

As a result of moving to a new set of logical URLs, as part of the static file deployment work, there is no longer a requirement to either define a `<base/>` tag that includes `APP.VERSION`, or define `APP.VERSION` within an `<env-entry/>` tag in the 'web.xml' file.


#### 5. Requests to `unbundled-resources` are now at a different URL.

Because requests to `unbundled-resources` weren't previously performed using either a tag-handler or a service, there were breakages when the underlying request paths changed. Applications that make use of `unbundled-resources` will need to make changes to fix these breakages.

To ensure this doesn't happen in the future we've now introduced the following mechanisms to allow requests to any arbitrary bundle resource where no other tag-handler or service mechanism is available:

  * There is now a `<@bundle.path@/>` tag that can be used as a prefix for any bundle requests (e.g. `<script src="<@bundle.path@/>/unbundled-resources/my-script.js"></script>`).
  * There is now a `BundlePathService` service that allows programatic access to the `bundle.path` (e.g. `img.src = require('br.bundle-path-service').getPath() + 'unbundled-resources/my-image.png'`).


#### 6. The `SourceModule.getClassname()` method has been deleted.

Since the class-names and require-paths are freely convertible between each other by replacing dots with slashes, it's no longer a requirement for `SourceModule` to provide a method for what can be done internally by the model.


#### 7. `ContentPlugin.getGroupName()` method renamed to `ContentPlugin.getCompositeGroupName()`

This has been done to make its purpose clearer now that we no longer create static bundles for content plug-ins that provide a non `null` return value for this method.
